	General licensing scheme:

	See the file "license-gplv2.txt" in the root folder of the source
	for the contents of the GNU GPLv2, as published by the FSF.

This program, the Zambesii kernel is copyrighted to, and at the time of writing,
(2012-Aug-31) almost entirely owned by a single individual. The individual has
chosen to provide Zambesii under the GNU GPLv2 license.

However, Zambesii is not zero-cost software; it is open-source, but it is
provided at a fee. The GNU GPLv2 licensing contract is only provided to users
who have purchased the software. You buy the rights to the license from the
copyright owner, and the owner then provides you with the coverage of the
license. The copyright is in no way transferred to the user, and the license
may even be terminated if the user violates the terms of the GNU GPLv2 license
that the copyright holder has granted them rights under. You may read more
about the terms of the GNU GPLv2 on the FSF website.

Most open-source copyright holders choose to provide the right to use their
software under an open-source license at no price. This is simply a matter of
choice -- as is the choice to sell the licensing contract. The copyright owner
holds the rights to the software, and may license it to different parties in
different ways even, if s/he so chooses.

The licensing cost to use Zambesii v0.xx.xxx is currently US$0.00, and this
license is provided for all releases in the Zambesii v0.xx.xxx series. The costs
of releases of the software with version numbers whose major version number
does not match v0 will differ according to yet-to-be-defined criteria, at the
sole discretion of the copyright holder.

Tbh, the price of the kernel will most likely always remain very low, probably
around US$10.00 or US$15.00. That said, I can't really forecast what the
pricing will need to be, so those figures are not an official or legally
binding advertisement of price.

TL;DR: Zambesii is a GPLv2 kernel with a price attached at some point in the
future, most likely upon release. Currently, it is being sold at a cost of
US$0.00; in other words, it is currently "free" as in "free beer". At some
point, it will no longer be free as in free "free beer", but only as in
"free speech".

	"ZOMG WAE U WANNA SELL T3H SOFTWEREZ? U TR0LLOLOLIN', I REPORT U N00B"

I've chosen to sell Zambesii to pay for the time I spend on it, and to use it
as a form of income -- I'm human, just like you are, and when the end of the
month comes, money is on my mind, just as it is on yours.

I offer my most sincere apologies for any inconvenience caused by the pricing,
but I also offer no sentiment of repentance.

